FPGA (Field-Programmable Gate Array):


FPGAs are semiconductor devices that can be programmed and configured after manufacturing to perform specific tasks. Unlike Application-Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs) that are fixed at the time of fabrication, FPGAs offer flexibility and reconfigurability. They consist of an array of configurable logic blocks and programmable interconnects, allowing users to design and implement digital circuits as per their requirements. FPGAs find applications in various fields like signal processing, telecommunications, automotive, aerospace, and more.


Different planes for Solace PubSub+ 3530 and Solace PubSub+ 3560


There are 2 panels front panel and rear panel


For 3530:


The front panel of a CHS‑3530AC features an LED that indicates the power status of the appliance. The front panel also features a hinged portion that provides easy access to the four system drive bays.It has a 3 states when Led shows blue then it is sign that apliance is running well if it shows red then it has some issues and it blinking or flashing blue then hardware is initialized but software is not initalized.




The rear panel of a CHS-3530AC chassis features six full-size PCIe slots distributed across twin blade carriers, and two low‑profile PCIe slots. The rear panel also features an on/standby (on/standby button) button and two AC power supply bays. A single installed power supply is sufficient to provide power to the appliance; however, an additional power supply is able to provide redundancy, load sharing, and increased appliance availability.


For 3560:


The front panel view of the PubSub+ 3560 is shown below. The front panel features an LED that indicates the power status of the appliance. The front panel also features a hinged portion that provides easy access to the four system drive bays.


The rear panel of a CHS-3560AC chassis features six full-size PCIe slots distributed across twin blade carriers, and two low‑profile PCIe slots.